
LAB211 Assignment
Type:
Short Assignment

Code:
J1.S.P0064.docx

LOC:
30

Slot(s):
1

Title
  	Check data format. 
Background 
N/A
Program Specifications
Create a program that allows inputting phone number, email, Date and checking their format
Input phone number must be numbers.
Input phone number must contain 10 numbers.
Input email must follow standard email format.
Input date must follow the dd/MM/yyyy format.
Function details: 
Function 1: Display GUI and Input Data.
Users run the program. The program prompts users to input Data.
Auto next Function 2.
Function 2: Perform function
The program checks the format of the input phone number, email and date.
Display the messages on the screen and Exit the program. 

Expectation of User interface:



Guidelines
Student must implement the methods
checkPhone 
checkDate 
checkEmail
in startup code.
Suggestion:
Use regex to check the format of Phone and Email. 
Use SimpleDateFormat to check the format of Date.
Function1:  Check the Phone format
The program requires inputting Phone. It returns the message if the input value is wrong or returns String empty if the input value is corrected.
Function name: public String checkPhone(String phone)
Input:
phone: Phone number.
Return: error message.
If phone is not a number, the program displays the message “Phone number must be number” and requires input again. 
If the length of phone is not 10 digits, the program displays the message “Phone number must be 10 digits” and allows input again.
Function2:  Check the date format
The program allows to input Date. It returns the message if the input value is wrong and returns String empty if input value is correct.
Function name: public String checkDate(String date)
Input:
date: date
Return value: error message
If input date format is incorrect, the program displays the message “Date to correct format(dd/MM/yyyy)” and allows input again. 
Function3: Check email format
The program allows to input email. It returns the error message if input value is wrong, returns String empty if input value is correct.
Function name: public String checkEmail(String email)
Input:
email: Email
Return: error message.
If the input email format is incorrect, the program displays the message “Email must be correct format” and allows to input again.

