
LAB211 AssignmentType:Short AssignmentCode:J1.S.P0058LOC:48Slot(s):1
Title
  	Write program dictionary. 
Background 
       N/A
Program Specifications
Students are required to write a program called “Simple English - Vietnamese Dictionary” with the following features:
1) Add new word 
2) Delete word
3) Search word.
4) Exit.

Users will use the program to add their pairs of English - Vietnamese words to the file on disk storage; search and display the Vietnamese word for inputted English word; or remove some pair of words from existing dictionary.

Function details: 
Function 1: Display a menu and ask users to select an option.
* Users run the program. The program prompts users to select an option.
* Users select an option, perform Function 2.
Function 2: Perform function based on the selected option...
* Option  1: Add word
o Ask user to enter a pair of English - Vietnamese words
o Add the pair to a dictionary (file)
o Return to the main screen.
* Option  2: Delete word
o Ask user to enter the English word to be removed. 
o Find and remove the related English-Vietnamese pair of words from dictionary
o Return to the main screen.
* Option  3: Translate word
o Ask user enter English word
o Find the related pair and display the approximate Vietnamese word
o Return to the main screen.
* Option  4: Exit program
Expectation of User interface:



Guidelines
       Student must implement methods
- addWord 
- removeWord
- translate
        in startup code.

Suggestion:

- Students use the hash map to store worth a pair Eng - Vi
o Every turn on the program from will test has data files or not yet:
o If there is then load data files recorded on the type HashMap into program by loadData function ().
o If not, initialize HashMap is Empty.
- When adding a keyword to inspect keywords in the dictionary that has not:
o If yes, ask the users want to update the mean of keyword.
o Otherwise put into hashmap then overwrites the data on file with the methods updateDatabase
- Delete file a keyword:
o If you find it to delete and overwrite the file data by methods updateDatabase.
o If not found, the notification does not exist in the db key.
- Search word:
o If found, displays the value found in db
o If not found, display empty.
 
o Function 1: Add wordMust install the function: public boolean addWord (String eng, String vi)
* Input:
> eng: English mean.
> vi: Vietnamese mean.
* Return value: the status add word

o  Function 2: Delete word. Must install the function public boolean removeWord(String eng)
> Input: eng: English word
>  Return Value: status delete word. 
Function 3: Search word.
o Must install the function: public String translate(String eng)
* Input
> eng: English word.
* Return Value Vietnamese word
       
